Have you ever trusted someone... shared your life with that person... shared your dreams, hopes aspirations with that someone... just to have them hurt you to the core of your heart?  I have experienced hurt that has been so deep, the pain cuts to the core of one's being is utterly excruciating.  I have trusted people who I have loved so very deeply, only to have them rip my heart into a hundred-million pieces by their betrayal.  I have walked the floors late at night, crying out to God: "Please, Father, please take this pain away from me; I'm almost certain that this time it will utterly kill me."   Why is this person not talking to me?  Why is another person so cruel?  Why am I so misunderstood?  Why does it seem like people are getting WORSE, instead of BETTER?  Why do I feel so alone? Sound familiar?  Does that sound like you when you're going through a hard time?  Just when you feel alone, please realize that you are NOT alone. There was once a certain person.  He wasn't anything special to look at, but BOY, could that man tell the BEST stories!  They always seemed to point to something special, but many people didn't seem to understand what that "special" thing happened to be.    This man had many friends, too; some were quite wealthy, others dirt poor.  Some had positions of high authority; others were prostitutes and drunkards.  Even among those in his inner circle, the friends ranged from a person who was crazy about politics, to simple fishermen.  He knew learned men, men who were completely uneducated, and yet, he was easily a friend to them all.  If he were on Facebook, the friends list this guy would have would be mind boggling -- as well as confusing.   He was known for helping people in any way he could.  He helped feed people who were hungry, he helped mend broken hearts, and it was amazing how he could be so charismatic that at times people talked about wanting him to be their leader, yet say things so controversial, that suddenly, others wanted him dead.  Even in those moments, he seemed indestructible. Then, the biggest week of his life came to pass.  There he was, being applauded by all.  He was hailed as something special.  People poured out blessings and cheers upon him.  It was better than when a championship football team has a ticker-tape parade through town.  How the mood changed within a few short days! Now, please picture this very same man, pacing back and forth.  He asked for his best friends to pray for him.  Please.  You see, he knew that someone with whom he shared his life, his dreams, his joys as well as his sorrows, did something horrible;  this "friend" turned his back on this wonderful man.  This man knew that his former friend whom he trusted, decided to betray him in ways that he did not want to dream possible.   But there he was, pacing alone in a garden.  After begging God, "Father, PLEASE.. take this pain and sorrow away from me" -- silence.  Curious, he checked on those previously mentioned praying friends.  Only, they weren't praying.  "What's happening?"   "Oh, we're sorry... we'll pray, now." This man couldn't be so lucky. In that garden was the biggest battle of the ages.  YES -- the birth of Jesus was most certainly important.  YES -- the ministry of Jesus was most certainly important.  YES, the death of Jesus and His resurrection was most certainly important beyond measure.  But that battle, that inner struggle between the God-Man was the struggle to end all struggles.  He KNEW that angels could be called down to rescue Him; but He didn't call for those angels.  He asked for His Father take away the cup that was to befall Him.  He knew He was going to face being spat upon, beat upon, jeered, betrayed and forsaken -- even by them who were at one time closest to Him.  Jesus was in that garden, crying out to God for YOU and ME.    Amazing, isn't it?  I don't know about you, but I have been guilty of turning my OWN back on Jesus at one time in my life.  I have betrayed Him and His trust in me, numerous times.  I wonder how many times He has felt all alone?     This week, in the midst of preparing for that joyous time known as Resurrection Sunday, I ask you to reflect upon the One who truly is, "closer to us than a brother," and thank God that He truly DOES know what we feel like in the very worst of our struggles.  He's been there, He knows, and yet, He STILL loves YOU, in spite of it all! Amazing LOVE!  May you experience that very same type of love, my friend.
s